README.md, before:

purescript-scores
=================

This module provides support for [VexTab](http://www.vexflow.com/vextab/) which is a language for creating and editing musical scores. Vextab itself is an open-source [javascript project](https://github.com/0xfe/vextab) and is still in a pre-alpha stage.  The VexTab language itself compiles to [VexFlow](http://www.vexflow.com) which provides the underlying API.

VexTab renders a score by side-effect.  You must create a __canvas__ tag in your web page, assign it an __id__ and initialise the module with this id in the configuration.  You can then ask it to render some VexTab text - if it is valid then the score will appear in the canvas, otherwise an error will be returned.

The module also allows you to generate a VexTab score from parsed ABC text.

Examples
--------

* __basic__ demonstrates production of a score from a basic VexTab script.
* __abc__ demonstrates production of a score from an ABC tune.
* __halogen__ the score placed in the canvas tag which has been dynamically generated by Halogen.
* __pux__ ditto for Pux (PureScript 0.11 - deprecated)

Note
----

VexTab has various issues (the most egregious for our purposes being that notes are not beamed together properly in compound time).  Also, it does not appear to be actively maintained at the moment - the last commit to the code base was in July 2016.  On the other hand, VexFlow is actively maintained and (as far as I can tell) does not suffer from the same errors.

It is likely that at some point I will attempt a purescript wrapper for VexFlow and then deprecate purescript-scores.

Commit message:

Amend README to deprecate this module

README.md, after:

purescript-scores
=================

__DEPRECATED__ in favour of purescript-vexflow.

This module provides support for [VexTab](http://www.vexflow.com/vextab/) which is a language for creating and editing musical scores. Vextab itself is an open-source [javascript project](https://github.com/0xfe/vextab) and is still in a pre-alpha stage.  The VexTab language itself compiles to [VexFlow](http://www.vexflow.com) which provides the underlying API.

VexTab renders a score by side-effect.  You must create a __canvas__ tag in your web page, assign it an __id__ and initialise the module with this id in the configuration.  You can then ask it to render some VexTab text - if it is valid then the score will appear in the canvas, otherwise an error will be returned.

The module also allows you to generate a VexTab score from parsed ABC text.

Examples
--------

* __basic__ demonstrates production of a score from a basic VexTab script.
* __abc__ demonstrates production of a score from an ABC tune.
* __halogen__ the score placed in the canvas tag which has been dynamically generated by Halogen.
* __pux__ ditto for Pux (PureScript 0.11 - deprecated)

Note
----

VexTab has various issues which are not evident in VexFlow itself (the most egregious for our purposes being that notes are not beamed together properly in compound time).  Also, it does not appear to be actively maintained at the moment - the last commit to the code base was in July 2016.  On the other hand, VexFlow is actively maintained and relatively complete.
